[ARES] Onwards! The time is
now, my valiant soldiers!
[ARES] Let the indomitable
Kingdom of Rakia strike fear
into the hearts of Orario's
adventurers!
(SOLDIERS rally & cheer)
[MESSENGER 1] Sir, the First,
Second, and Third Cavalry have
all been destroyed!
[MESSENGER 2] (panicked panting)
They've also wiped out twelve
infantry units! They're all
gone!
[MESSENGER 2] Literally
everyone on the battlefield
has been obliterated!
(MARIUS groan)
[ARES] What the hell? Seriously?
[ARES] Why?!
[AISHA] Take care of yourself.
Miss Aisha, thank you
for everything. I am
indebted to you.
If you hadn't done what you did
who knows what would have happ‐
Please, Haruhime.
Don't get sappy.
I was only following
my impulsive nature.
What are your
plans now?
[AISHA] Excellent question.
[AISHA] The Kingdom of Rakia has
set up camp outside the city.
[AISHA] I might
pay them a visit.
[HARUHIME] The Kingdom of
Rakia...?
[WELF] The Ares Familia.
[WELF] Their monstrous army
is launching an attack
on Orario as we speak...
[WELF] Luckily, they're
all sizzle, no steak.
[WELF] They might number
in the thousands...
but ordinary soldiers are no
match for seasoned adventurers.
[HESTIA] What a pain in the
butt. Ares is totally stuck
in the Dark Ages.
[BELL] So... we're under attack?
[AISHA] Well, doesn't matter
whether they win or lose..
[AISHA] As long as there
are men, my girls and I
have a job to do.
Don't tell me it
still bothers you.
You do realize that you‐ Oh?
[LENA] Aisha! We
should get going soon!
[AISHA] I know.
Give me a moment.
[AISHA] Anyway, Haruhime, you're
free now. Live your life however
you see fit. Okay, Darling?
[HARUHIME] I will.
And it better not get back to me
that you're treating her poorly,
Cranel.
[BELL] Huh?!
[AISHA] If anything happens
to my little Renard, your ass
will be mine.
(HESTIA stewing)
[BELL] R‐right!
(AISHA giggle)
Ta‐ta!
So, how did it go?
I wanna hear how she took
it when you told her
she never actually accomplished
her nightly duties.
Right? The poor little
thing would always faint
before the main event.
You told her didn't you?
Eh, why bother. I don't see the
point in bringing it up now.
[AISHA] It seems they've already
moved past all that... whether
she's done something or not.
[OPENING SONG, "HELLO to DREAM"]
[HERMES] Oh very good! Sounds
like it all worked out then.
[HERMES] And Haruhime has
joined the Hestia Familia?
[HERMES] Mm. I'm
relieved to hear that.
[BELL] Well, we have you to
thank, Master Hermes.
I really appreciate you telling
me about the Killing Stone.
Don't thank me. I'm just
a guy with a big mouth.
You're the one who saved the
damsel in distress.
Great job, hero.
I just reacted. I wanted to
help her in any way possible.
So tell me... Are you familiar
with the Three Great Quests?
[BELL] The what...?
[HERMES] Heh. Right.
Basically the world's been
waiting for a legendary hero.
Pretty similar to
how Haruhime was.
Long has the world watched,
looking towards Orario to
fulfill its deepest desire.
Hence "Three Great Quests".
They call for the extermination
of three ancient monsters
that emerged from
the Dungeon long ago.
[HERMES] Behemoth, the King
of the Land. Leviathan,
the Lord of the Sea.
[HERMES] Now, these two
monsters already lay slain
at the hands of the strongest
Familias in existence.
[BELL] Are you referring
to Miss Ais and the others?
[BELL] The Loki Familia
and the Freya Familia?
[HERMES] Nope, not them.
[HERMES] Who I'm talking about
are the Zeus and Hera Familias.
[HERMES] They were formerly
hailed as the most powerful
in the history of Orario.
[HERMES] They combined their
strength in order to challenge
the third monster.
However.. they were wiped out.
(BELL shock)
[HERMES] The third monster is
called "The Black Dragon."
Wait, do you mean... the
one‐eyed beast from
Dungeon Oratoria? I think
I might know what you are
talking about.
[BELL] It's the darkest shade
of black anyone's ever seen.
[BELL] And its wings are
the absence of light.
[BELL] It's a walking
nightmare... A living legend...
A herald of death...
It isn't a fairy tale.
The Black Dragon is lurking
somewhere and is a real threat.
[HERMES] The Three Great Quests
have yet to be completed...
(BELL serious)
[HERMES] And the
world wants a hero.
And remember Bell...
This responsibility falls
on the shoulders of Orario's
adventurers.
[BELL] Right.
[ARES] How is this possible...?!
I demand to know how they could
trounce my army like it's
absolutely nothing!
[MARIUS] Oh that's easy.
[MARIUS] We severely
underestimated how strong
Orario's adventurers are.
They're wiping the floor
with us. At this rate they'll
take us all prisoner.
[MARIUS] Let's just
pack it up and go home.
We honestly had no
business starting a war
in the first place.
(ARES frustrated)
[ARES] Cease your foolishness.
Such impudence is inexcusable!
[ARES] Your father, Martinus,
has never had a problem
following my orders!
[MARIUS] There's a reason
why they call my father the
King of the Pushovers,
it's because he indulges
your idiotic blathering!
[ARES] Hm? (nervous)
You dare speak to a
god that way, Marius?!
[MARIUS] I'm just calling it
like I see it, numbskull!
[ARES] I'm not a numbskull!
Only a numbskull would call
a numbskull a numbskull.
You numbskull.
(HARUHIME "whew" sigh)
[BELL] I'm back, Miss Haruhime.
[HARUHIME] Hello! Welcome
home, Master Bell.
[BELL] Woah, doing laundry for
six must be tough! Let me give
you a hand with that.
[HARUHIME] Y‐you mustn't,
Master Bell!
It's fine. I'm happy
to help out.
[HARUHIME] No, that's not what
I'm referring to.
Don't worry about it.
No wait stop!
[BELL] Eek!
[HESTIA] Oh, sorry, am I
interrupting something?
What exactly are the two of
you smiling about down there?
[HARUHIME] Lady Hestia?!
[BELL] G‐Goddess!
(BELL nervous)
[HESTIA] I've made a decision.
From now on, physical contact
with the opposite sex
is strictly prohibited
within my Familia. Got it?
[BELL] Huh?
[HARUHIME] Wait, what?
[HESTIA] Am I clear?
[BELL & HARUHIME] (fear) Y‐yes..
(HARUHIME nervous)
[HESTIA] That includes
your dumb tail!
[HARUHIME] (startled)
I‐I'm sorry!
[LILI] This is abuse of power!
[LILI] Not letting us have any
physical contact is going
to have a negative effect on
our activities in the Dungeon!
[HESTIA] Sounds like
a personal problem!
You're a smart cookie though,
I bet you'll figure it out!
It'll be impossible!
I assume the same rule
applies to you too, right?
So there will be no
more touching Master
Bell from now on.
I'm the goddess of this Familia!
If I can't touch him, then
how in the hell am I supposed
to update his status?!
[LILI] Sounds like
a personal problem!
What the hell
caused all this?
[LILI] You're a smart
cookie, blah, blah, blah.
I'm sorry to say this
is all my fault...
Stop being such a stupid head!
I'm a stupid head?!
[HESTIA LILI] (anger) Hmph!
Fine! In the event touching
is necessary... no flirting
is allowed!
Indecent behavior comes from
a lewd mind... So any obscene
conduct is unacceptable!
[LILI] The only obscene thing
here is your outfit!
Don't speak to a virgin
goddess that way!
One question. If we can't
associate with the opposite
sex... then, uh...
[MIKOTO] Does that...
apply to gods as well?
[HESTIA] Hm?
[WELF] Actually... I was
wondering the same thing...
I'm kinda... uh, good friends
with Lady Hephaistos, so, uh...
[BELL] Oh?
(HESTIA evil giggle)
That's totally fine!
I wholeheartedly welcome
feelings of love between
gods and their children!
[HESTIA] It's a dream of mine
to see our romance blossom,
just as it did between Spirits
and our children before we
descended from Heaven!
How do you feel
about it, Bell?
[BELL] Wait, what?
Are you kidding me?!
I see through your shenanigans.
Holding gods to a different
standard is unfair!
(HESTIA pained)
Fine, then! Do
whatever you want...
I really couldn't care less!
So, Bell... hypothetically...
Let's say there's this beautiful
goddess, and one day she admits
her feelings for you...
[HESTIA] How would you reply?
(LILI nervous)
Oh... I'd turn her down.
(HESTIA mortified) (wilting)
It'd never happen anyway.
Besides, even if a
goddess did ask me out...
I couldn't imagine dating one.
[BELL] It'd be way
too intimidating.
(HESTIA defeated)
[LILI] Uh‐Lady Hestia...?
[HESTIA] Bell, you...
[HESTIA] Big Jerk!
[BELL] Huh?
[WELF] Think we'll
see her again?
I have a feeling she won't
be back for a while.
(BELL gasp)
[BELL] Goddess!
Why did she...?!
[WELF] You kind of
had that coming, Bell.
[BELL] Huh?!
[MIKOTO] You did word
it a little harshly.
[BELL] But... the gods are Gods!
We're supposed to respect them!
(uncomfortable) So then...
does that same exact logic
apply... if you're talking
about the relationship between
adventurers and supporters?
[BELL] Huh?
If you refused to give someone
a chance just because
they came from a different
background than you...
[LILI] ...don't you think
that would probably hurt
their feelings pretty badly?
[BELL] I'm going to
go look for her!
Do you think
he actually gets it?
[AMAZONESS A] C'mon sweetie,
get on your feet! You look
so sad down there.
[AMAZONESS B] We came all the
This saber is
a product of Orario!
Act now for a 20% discount!
First come, first serve, boys!
[SALESMAN] Watch how it slices
through a tomato with ease!
(SOLDIERS impressed)
If you're not feeling well,
you should use this medicine
made in Orario!
For just a small fee,
you'll feel good as new.
(SOLDIERS defeated / pain)
[AISHA] Tsk... Not a
decent one among them...
I should've expected as much
from a bunch of grunts...
[SAMIRA] Aisha! Some fresh meat
just rolled in over that way.
Let's take advantage!
Huh? Great... be right there!
I've made a decision!
[ARES] Given the circumstances,
I shall journey
to Orario myself!
[MARIUS] What? You plan on
sightseeing or something?
Don't be an idiot!
In order to turn the tide...
I'm planning on abducting
one of their local Gods!
[ARES] I'll kidnap them...
No, I'll "god‐nap" them!
And then, I'll force those
Orario nitwits to surrender!
(MARIUS in disbelief)
Oh my freakin' me!
My new plan is foolproof!
[MARIUS] Are you crazy?!
How exactly do you plan
on sneaking into Orario?!
[ARES] Make haste, Marius!
Assemble a group of our
finest men!
[ARES] Today, we abduct a god,
whomever it may be!
You haven't even decided
which god you're going for?!
How big of a hot‐headed
dumbass can you be?!
[MARIUS] Come back!
[BOSS] Sorry, honey,
we're fresh out.
Goddess...
[BELL] Where could
she have gone...?
[MIACH] Is that you, Bell?
(BELL notice)
Hey there. Been a while.
Master Miach..
Lady Hephaistos...
Hey, uh... have either of
you seen my goddess lately?
Hestia, huh? Hmm...
I'm sorry, Bell...
I'm afraid I haven't
seen her around.
Yeah I haven't
seen her either.
No worries... Well, thank you
anyway... I should get going.
[MIACH] Bell, we don't
mind lending an ear if
you aren't in a hurry.
[BELL] Huh?
Let me guess; you
got into a fight.
I can see it on your face.
(BELL hesitation)
[BELL] I'm not really sure
how it escalated so quickly.
[BELL] So, uh... Can I
ask you something...
Has a god or a
goddess ever, y'know...
fallen in love with someone
from the lower world?
Would that even...
even be possible?
(HEPHAISTOS surprised)
Of course... Yeah
I'm sure of it.
[BELL] Really?
[MIACH] Honestly speaking...
we sometimes find ourselves
quite drawn to you children.
It's true.
[HEPHAISTOS] Fondness,
a passing fancy,
motherly or fatherly love...
[HEPHAISTOS] Our love
takes on many forms,
but there's no denying
that we have a soft spot
for our children.
Sometimes.. there may be
feelings of romantic interest.
(sniff)
(BELL surprised)
Um, but, we're
talking about gods
being with people here!
We're completely different
from each other.
Who we are... Our
backgrounds... And even...
[BELL] How long we live...
What is it exactly that
you're afraid of, Bell?
(BELL gasp)
Y'see.. in our eyes,
that love lasts a mere moment.
From our children's
perspective...
that same love lasts
their entire life.
[HEPHAISTOS] If you find
yourself being pursued
by a goddess,
make sure you give
her a proper answer.
Even if there's someone
else out there you have
feelings for... Got it?
We aren't suggesting that
you should be intimidated
by a deity, just speak
honestly and openly.
That's all you
really have to do.
[MIACH] I'm sure there are
many gods out there who
would understand and
accept your answer.
So... please don't run
away... from a god's love.
[MIACH] Turn them down
gracefully or take them
up on the offer.
Just... don't be afraid.
(HESTIA inhale)
[HESTIA] Bell, you big jerk!
[HESTIA] You spineless,
pig‐headed, stubborn little
hare brain doofus!
[HESTIA] Why does he
respect us gods so much
in the first place?!
On one hand, I'm happy that
he thinks so highly of me...
but he doesn't have to
be so uptight about it!
[BOSS] Hestia!
[HESTIA] Hmm?
[BOSS] Perfect timing!
[HESTIA] Potato Popper
Boss Lady!
[HESTIA] Okay... So why
exactly do I have to be put on
digging duty for the Potato
Poppers? Can't you see I'm
of slight stature?
I'm very busy! You know I
can't keep customers waiting!
I won't be able to keep up with
demand with just the one sack.
[BOSS] I'm going to need another
big bag for the cart over on
Main Street.
(HESTIA annoyed sigh)
[BOSS] Alright, I'll
leave you to it!
[HESTIA] Huh?! But Boss‐!
[BOSS] Thank you!
Dangit... I'm a god, you know!
Hmph. Doesn't she realize I
can't just leave Orario whenever
I feel like it...?
(thundering)
[HESTIA] Great, it looks like
it's about to rain...
But I suppose
it'd be pretty hard
to make Potato Poppers without
the main ingredient...
[GANESHA] Hey, hold it!
(HESTIA startled)
Hmm...? Wait, Hestia?
Ganesha!
Whatcha say, Marius?! Isn't
this a splendid disguise?!
Keep your voice down! Besides,
It's not much of a disguise!
All you did was put on a cloak!
Anyway... what exactly
is your plan now?
[ARES] It's quite simple really:
We locate a suitable target
inside the city walls,
seize them, and bring
them back with us!
[MARIUS] That's all
you came up with?!
[MARIUS] Just how
stupid are you?!
[HESTIA] Thanks a
lot, Ganesha...
I really appreciate you letting
me sneak through the gate.
Of course... Potato Poppers
enrich our city and the
lives of its citizens!
Let no man nor noble god...
deny you permission to gather
potatoes for the greater good!
I am...
...Ganesha! (agh)
I can't believe I have
to go deliver potatoes.
[ARES] Hmm?
[HESTIA] Huh?
[ARES] Hestia?
[HESTIA] Ares?
(ARES wild laughter)
(HESTIA screaming)
Gotcha!
(ARES proud laughter)
[ARES] Did you see that,
Marius?!
I've captured a god without
ever setting foot in Orario!
[ARES] Now you can see the
genius behind my plan!
[MARIUS] You're a jackass.
[ARES] Alright, let's go.
[MARIUS] Huh? Wait!
(GANESHA confused)
[BELL] Thanks so much to you
both... I appreciate you taking
the time to talk to me.
[MIACH] I hope what we said
helps you, if only a little.
Yes, it helps...
Although, honestly...
[BELL] I'm still not quite
sure what I should do.
You can start by finding
Hestia. You should patch
things up first.
[BELL] Right!
I wonder if maybe she's headed
back to the mansion already.
(BELL notice)
[BELL] Miss Ais!
(AIS notice)
[AIS] Come with us.
[BELL] Huh?
[LOKI] That shrimp, I swear...
Always such a pain in my ass...
[AIS] Loki! Finn!
(LOKI FINN notice)
[BELL] (catch breath) Hey!
Is it true that my Goddess...
she was kidnapped?!
Yeah... unfortunately
it's true.
It's all thanks to a certain
masked idiot, lettin'
her waltz out the gate!
I am Ganesha...!
I don't wanna hear another
word outta you, ya moron!
I am Ganesh‐! (kicked)
[LOKI] Shut your face!
No.. my Hestia..
Finn.. Any word
from the party?
[FINN] Not yet. The enemy
forces have split off
into several groups moving
in different directions.
And that means... we don't know
who to follow since we don't
know who has the little runt.
Plus, we gotta chase 'em through
the mountains, so we better
hurry or we'll lose 'em.
[FINN] I'm a bit
embarrassed to admit it,
[FINN] but they're likely more
familiar with the terrain
outside of Orario than we are.
(BELL discouraged)
[AIS] I'm going out there.
[BELL] Huh?
[LOKI] Hold up, Aisy‐poo!
You don't have ta
go outta your way for
the annoying little half‐pint!
[AIS] But... someone
has to chase after her.
Very well, Ais...
We'll leave it to you.
I... I'm going too!
Come on... Were you even
listening to me, Bell?
Ais told us she's got
this. You're just gonna
get her the way.
(BELL shock)
But she's my goddess!
She's my responsibility!
So please... let me go too!
[LOKI] (annoyed) Fine, whatever.
But... if we chase
the target blindly,
the culprits might escape.
If we could just narrow
down which one of their groups
has Lady Hestia...
[HERMES] I think I may
be of assistance!
[BELL] Huh? Master Hermes!
You just need to know
where Hestia is, right?
Can you help with that?
Sure... I've got...
"Persius," Asfi at my side!
(embarrassment)
(BELL panting)
[BELL, internal] Goddess...
Please be okay!
[BELL] Miss Ais...?
[AIS] Hurry.
[BELL] R‐right!
You dummy! Let me
down right now!
You have another think
coming if you think
you'll get away with this!
(quick laugh) I already
have you bimbo!
[ARES] You may be
an annoying pipsqueak,
but you're essential
to our god‐napping plan!
[HESTIA] Oh! Who are you
calling a pipsqueak?!
(MARIUS confused)
[SOLDIER] It‐it's
the Sword Princess!
(SOLDIERS alert, confusion)
[HESTIA] Ooh it's
Wallen‐whats‐her‐face!
[MARIUS] (react) Since
when has Orario been
able master the sky?!
This rests in your hands,
Sword Princess.
[ARES] (frustrated) Very well!
One measly adventurer
isn't enough to stop me!
(HESTIA nervous) (screams)
I am Ares, patron god of
the Kingdom of Rakia!
I am the God of War...
Bear witness to my sword!
(ARES shock)
(HESTIA struggling)
(screams) Uh, not bad!
Do you even know what
the hell you're doing?
(AIS tense)
Sword Princess!
(ASFI caught)
[MARIUS] Archers,
take aim at that woman!
[MARIUS] If we capture her,
Orario's adventurers won't
be able to follow us!
Hey, Marius! Don't give orders
like you're in charge!
(HESTIA struggling) (surprised)
[ARES] I am the god here!
Give it a rest!
I'm telling you
we need to use this chance
and make our retreat!
[MARIUS] You thick‐headed
donkey!
[BELL] Goddess!
[HESTIA] You came, Bell!
(HESTIA trip) (losing balance)
[HESTIA] Bell!
No‐!
(BELL grabbing hold)
(AIS effort)
(SOLDIERS confused)
[ASFI] Princess! Bell Cranel!
[CLOSING SONG,
"Sasayaka na Shukusai"]
[HESTIA] Next time:
"A Song of Love."